you
why do you think they might think that
they'll make a better sense to me do you
think there's anything wrong with your
mind really
another thing doc excuse me miss do you
think it might be possible to turn that
music down so maybe a couple of the boys
that talked your hand is staining my
window yeah my tea she's got you guys
coming and going will change never hurt
huh
mover ayah tea ah come on you're not
gonna say that now you're not gonna say
that now you're gonna pull that hand
house [ __ ] now in the booth the chief
just voted it was ten to nine wasn't
that television said turned on right now
I don't think he's already psychotic
he's dangerous Jesus I mean you guys do
nothing but complain about how you can't
stand it in this place here and then you
haven't got the guts just to walk out
what do you think you are for christ
sake crazy or something well you're not
we're from the state mental institution
this is doctor Cheswick dr. Taber dr.
Scanlon
I'm dr. McMurphy
how about it you creep you look against
mental defectives Thank You Mac thank
you I'll never forget you